README.md, before:

# 🏗️ TravauxPro Construction Website

## 📖 Overview

This responsive and accessible website was developed for **TravauxPro Construction** as part of a Level 5 Web Application Development project. It demonstrates the use of semantic HTML, custom CSS, responsive layouts, accessibility standards, and version control using Git and GitHub.

### 🔧 Purpose
To showcase construction services, past projects, and provide a contact hub, aimed at prospective clients seeking professional construction services.

---

## 👥 User Stories

- As a client, I want to view the company's past projects.
- As a mobile user, I want a responsive layout.
- As a visually impaired user, I want high-contrast content with alt text.
- As a visitor, I want clear contact information and an embedded map.

---

## 🌐 Live Site

**GitHub Pages**: [https://raduscripnic.github.io/WebApplicationLevel5](https://raduscripnic.github.io/WebApplicationLevel5)

---

## 📂 Project Files
├── index.html # Homepage
├── projects.html # Project gallery
├── contact.html # Contact info and map
├── about.htnl # About the company
├── styles.css # External CSS
├── Media/ # Project images
├── validation/ # HTML/CSS validation screenshots
├── README.md # This file
├── TESTING.md # Manual testing log
├── js # Javascript file

---

## 🎯 Features

- Responsive design with media queries  
- Semantic HTML structure  
- Accessible layout (alt text, good contrast)  
- Video and image gallery  
- Google Maps integration  
- Clear and intuitive navigation  
- External links open in new tabs

---

## 💻 Development Notes

- HTML and CSS manually validated using W3C tools
- Project structured into logical folders (assets/media)
- Descriptive commit messages used throughout development
- All code and third-party resources properly attributed

---

## 🧪 Testing

Documented in `TESTING.md`:
- Browser/device compatibility
- Functional checks (navigation, media, forms)
- Accessibility verification
- HTML/CSS W3C validation (see `/validation` for screenshots)

---

## 📎 Attribution

- MDN Web Docs for video embed syntax  
- Google Maps for contact map  
- Bootstrap grid references (layout only)  
- Images via [Unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com)  
- Inline code comments for all external references

---

## 🚀 Deployment

To run locally:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/RaduScripnic/WebApplicationLevel5.git
cd WebApplicationLevel5
open index.html

Commit message:

edited the README file with the screenshots for user stories

README.md, after:

# 🏗️ TravauxPro Construction Website

## 📖 Overview

This responsive and accessible website was developed for **TravauxPro Construction** as part of a Level 5 Web Application Development project. It demonstrates the use of semantic HTML, custom CSS, responsive layouts, accessibility standards, and version control using Git and GitHub.

### 🔧 Purpose
To showcase construction services, past projects, and provide a contact hub, aimed at prospective clients seeking professional construction services.

---

## 👥 User Stories

- As a client, I want to view the company's past projects.
- As a mobile user, I want a responsive layout.
- As a visually impaired user, I want high-contrast content with alt text.
- As a visitor, I want clear contact information and an embedded map.

## 🖼️ Screenshots
### 🏗️ Projects Page

This section highlights TravauxPro Construction’s featured renovation work using a responsive Bootstrap carousel to showcase project images.

![Projects Page Screenshot](validation/projects-page.png)
### 🏠 Home Page

The landing page introduces TravauxPro Construction with a bold hero section, clear navigation, and immediate insight into services offered.

![Home Page Screenshot](validation/index-page.png)

### 📍 Contact Page

This page allows users to view the office location on Google Maps, get in touch via phone or email, and follow TravauxPro on social media.

![Contact Page Screenshot](validation/contact-page.png)

---

## 🌐 Live Site

**GitHub Pages**: [https://raduscripnic.github.io/WebApplicationLevel5](https://raduscripnic.github.io/WebApplicationLevel5)

---

## 📂 Project Files
├── index.html # Homepage
├── projects.html # Project gallery
├── contact.html # Contact info and map
├── about.htnl # About the company
├── styles.css # External CSS
├── Media/ # Project images
├── validation/ # HTML/CSS validation screenshots
├── README.md # This file
├── TESTING.md # Manual testing log
├── js # Javascript file

---

## 🎯 Features

- Responsive design with media queries  
- Semantic HTML structure  
- Accessible layout (alt text, good contrast)  
- Video and image gallery  
- Google Maps integration  
- Clear and intuitive navigation  
- External links open in new tabs

---

## 💻 Development Notes

- HTML and CSS manually validated using W3C tools
- Project structured into logical folders (assets/media)
- Descriptive commit messages used throughout development
- All code and third-party resources properly attributed

---

## 🧪 Testing

Documented in `TESTING.md`:
- Browser/device compatibility
- Functional checks (navigation, media, forms)
- Accessibility verification
- HTML/CSS W3C validation (see `/validation` for screenshots)

---

## 📎 Attribution

- MDN Web Docs for video embed syntax  
- Google Maps for contact map  
- Bootstrap grid references (layout only)  
- Images via [Unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com)  
- Inline code comments for all external references

---

## 🚀 Deployment

To run locally:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/RaduScripnic/WebApplicationLevel5.git
cd WebApplicationLevel5
open index.html
